[wind whooshing]
c0000001
♪
c0000002
[FERN] Mistress Frieren
is looking tired.
c0000003
-Huh?
-[thuds]
c0000004
Hm.
c0000005
And now she's out cold.
c0000006
We can't stop. I can carry her.
c0000007
But, Mister Stark, your axe.
c0000008
Oh, yeah.
c0000009
My hands are free.
I'll just hold her.
c0000010
Hm?
c0000011
huh?
c0000012
[groans]
c0000013
No, I think I'd better do it.
c0000014
Uh, why is that?
c0000015
[FERN]
No reason.
c0000016
[EISEN]
The audacity.
c0000017
A measly ten copper coins is
all the King could part with?
c0000018
[FRIEREN]
What a cheapskate.
c0000019
[HEITER]
I'm not surprised.
c0000020
Many heroes
have tried and failed
c0000021
to defeat the Demon King
over the years.
c0000022
You can't fund
every adventurer.
c0000023
[HIMMEL]
It's no problem.
c0000024
We'll earn money to cover
our expenses along the way.
c0000025
There's nothing wrong
with that approach.
c0000026
[sword clanks]
c0000027
It's part of the adventure.
c0000028
I suppose so.
c0000029
Hold on. Your weapon.
c0000030
That's the Hero's Sword.
c0000031
No, it's a replica.
c0000032
Hm.
c0000033
I once rescued a merchant
c0000034
who was attacked
in my hometown.
c0000035
This sword was my reward.
c0000036
The man said I'd be
a hero one day.
c0000037
Probably told every kid that.
c0000038
That's what made you
choose this path in life?
c0000039
[HIMMEL]
Not quite.
c0000040
See, there was this
annoying brat named Heiter
c0000041
at the village orphanage.
c0000042
He kept telling me
I'd only ever be a fake hero
c0000043
because I wielded a fake sword.
c0000044
He was such a pain.
c0000045
Hm.
c0000046
[HIMMEL] I figured
if I proved him wrong,
c0000047
I'd have the last laugh.
c0000048
So here I am.
c0000049
One of these days,
c0000050
I'll hold the real Hero's Sword
in my hand and use it
c0000051
to defeat the Demon King.
c0000052
But that'll never happen
if we don't keep moving.
c0000053
If you're wondering
about the brat,
c0000054
he grew up
to become a fake priest
c0000055
who stays lost in his cups.
c0000056
I'm a real priest.
c0000057
[Eisen laughs]
c0000058
♪
c0000059
[wind whooshing]
c0000060
Just a dream.
c0000061
You're alive.
c0000062
I was afraid
you'd never wake up.
c0000063
[FRIEREN] I feel as though
I've been here before.
c0000064
Perhaps I'm still dreaming.
c0000065
[STARK]
If you were, it'd be warmer.
c0000066
[FRIEREN] I underestimated
the mountain weather.
c0000067
We need to keep going north.
c0000068
The village
we're heading to isn't far.
c0000069
[FERN]
Very well.
c0000070
Now that you're awake,
c0000071
do you think
you're able to walk?
c0000072
[shuddered breathing]
No.
c0000073
Are you sure?
c0000074
You smell nice.
c0000075
Great.
c0000076
You must be tired
c0000077
from carrying her
this whole time.
c0000078
You rest now. I'll take over.
c0000079
Huh?
c0000080
Hmm.
c0000081
[wind whooshing]
c0000082
Perv.
c0000083
What did I do?
c0000084
[FRIEREN] For a moment,
I thought we'd freeze to death.
c0000085
But the blizzard
is settling down.
c0000086
[STARK] Wow.
So there really is a village
c0000087
this deep into the mountains.
c0000088
We've been waiting
for your return, Miss Frieren.
c0000089
You're chief
of this village now?
c0000090
-You're a child.
-That's right!
c0000091
I come from a long line
of chiefs.
c0000092
I'm the 49th.
c0000093
Welcome to the
Village of the Sword.
c0000094
We spotted a smashed-up house
on our way in.
c0000095
You must mean
that old hunting cabin
c0000096
that got destroyed.
c0000097
The lord of the mountains
is to blame.
c0000098
The who?
c0000099
I don't remember
there being a lord.
c0000100
[STARK] I can't believe
I'm actually here.
c0000101
[FERN] You know of this place,
Mister Stark?
c0000102
This village used to protect
the Hero's Sword.
c0000103
According to stories,
the weapon was hidden
c0000104
in a sanctuary
somewhere close by,
c0000105
stuck inside a mighty stone.
c0000106
Throughout history, many heroes
tried to pull the sword
c0000107
from its rocky sheath,
but none were successful.
c0000108
Until 80 years ago, that is.
c0000109
Let me think. How did they
explain it in the legend?
c0000110
"There is but one person
who can claim this sword.
c0000111
The hero who will drive
off the great calamity
c0000112
that aims
to destroy this world."
c0000113
Yeah, that's it.
c0000114
You're talking about Himmel,
aren't you?
c0000115
He was able to take the sword?
c0000116
Exactly.
c0000117
The story is pretty famous.
c0000118
Are you positive
you've never heard it before?
c0000119
No. Master Heiter
never mentioned it.
c0000120
♪
c0000121
[SWORD VILLAGE CHIEF]
Here we are.
c0000122
[fire crackling]
c0000123
Finally, warmth.
c0000124
I must admit, I'm thoroughly
disappointed in you.
c0000125
You were supposed
to return here
c0000126
after half a century
had passed.
c0000127
I'm a mild-mannered person,
c0000128
but even I'm pissed off
you're late!
c0000129
How'd that sound?
c0000130
My grandmother said
I should tell you that
c0000131
when you showed up.
c0000132
I told her everything
would be fine
c0000133
if I waited
a little longer instead.
c0000134
-Hm.
-[FRIEREN] The villagers here
c0000135
have protected the Hero's Sword
for generations.
c0000136
They can easily defend
themselves from danger.
c0000137
We can hold our own
if needs be,
c0000138
but you still have a duty
you promised to fulfill.
c0000139
[FERN]
What is she talking about?
c0000140
[FRIEREN]
Monster extermination.
c0000141
The area around the village
attracts quite a few of them.
c0000142
[SWORD VILLAGE CHIEF] The lord
of the mountains has been
c0000143
an especially unruly pain
as of late.
c0000144
[sighs]
c0000145
I'll get started
first thing tomorrow morning.
c0000146
Better to deal with this sooner
rather than later.
c0000147
[growling]
c0000148
[grunting]
c0000149
[explosion]
c0000150
[clapping]
c0000151
Why are there so many monsters
roaming near the village?
c0000152
Surely you could have hired
some traveling adventurers
c0000153
to take them out before they
became a problem for you.
c0000154
I wish I could,
but that's not an option.
c0000155
Of course.
Because Himmel is the Hero.
c0000156
Hm.
c0000157
Whoa, there's even more of 'em
swarming down there.
c0000158
[monsters growling]
c0000159
Looks like they want
inside the cave.
c0000160
[grunts]
c0000161
-[grunts]
-[thuds]
c0000162
Huh?
c0000163
Hey, Frieren. Why is the...
c0000164
[growling]
c0000165
[thudding]
c0000166
[growling]
c0000167
That's the lord!
c0000168
[roaring]
c0000169
[FRIEREN] No wonder
I didn't recognize your name.
c0000170
You only showed up
in the last 80 years.
c0000171
Not nearly long enough
to be a lord.
c0000172
[growling]
c0000173
You're up, Stark.
I know you're not dead yet.
c0000174
-[thuds]
-[groans]
c0000175
[roaring]
c0000176
You're so mean! Ask nicely!
c0000177
[roaring]
c0000178
-Excellent work.
-[wind whooshing]
c0000179
[explosion]
c0000180
I have fulfilled my duty
to this place.
c0000181
♪
c0000182
[STARK] Frieren.
I don't understand.
c0000183
That's the Hero's Sword
in there.
c0000184
It's what draws
so many monsters
c0000185
to the mouth of this cave.
c0000186
A powerful barrier
prevents them
c0000187
from gaining entry,
c0000188
but they can't
shake off the impulse
c0000189
to destroy the weapon.
c0000190
They must be
truly terrified of it.
c0000191
You know that isn't
what I meant.
c0000192
Yes, I do.
c0000193
Himmel tried, but he couldn't
pull the sword from the stone.
c0000194
[PREVIOUS SWORD VILLAGE CHIEF]
Another failure.
c0000195
We'll keep waiting
for the real hero.
c0000196
[HEITER]
Are you okay?
c0000197
[HIMMEL] I don't think
there's anything wrong
c0000198
with being a fake hero.
c0000199
I'll still defeat
the Demon King
c0000200
and bring peace to the world.
c0000201
And when I'm done,
c0000202
nobody's going to be
concerned about me
c0000203
being a fake or not.
c0000204
In the end, Himmel lived up
to his promise.
c0000205
Even without the fabled sword,
he managed to save the world.
c0000206
He was a real hero.
c0000207
[FERN]
Why was the truth covered up
c0000208
in favor of this story, then?
c0000209
Probably because
people wanted Himmel
c0000210
to be some mythic warrior.
c0000211
It wouldn't do for him
to fail inside the cave.
c0000212
There's no place
for embarrassing stories
c0000213
in a hero's tale.
c0000214
When a new generation
comes of age,
c0000215
they romanticize
the heroes of the past.
c0000216
The truth of who
a person was falls away,
c0000217
and they become an idea.
c0000218
♪
c0000219
[SWORD VILLAGE CHIEF] I always
believed you would bring safety
c0000220
back to our village,
Miss Frieren.
c0000221
I'm grateful as hell.
c0000222
My grandmother said
to tell you that, too.
c0000223
Sounds like your grandmother
had quite the mouth on her.
c0000224
[FRIEREN] Guess I'll see you
in another 50 years.
c0000225
[chuckles]
c0000226
See ya then!
And don't be late next time!
c0000227
♪
c0000228
Once we drop our belongings
off at the inn,
c0000229
you're free to do
what you want.
c0000230
It's been a while
since we were in a real town.
c0000231
This'll be nice.
c0000232
[FERN] What'll you do
with your afternoon?
c0000233
I'm sure there are plenty
of shops we could explore.
c0000234
Not interested, thanks.
c0000235
I'd rather stay inside
and read some grimoires.
c0000236
I see.
c0000237
I'll go on my own, then.
c0000238
Oh. That's right.
c0000239
Today is Stark's 18th birthday.
c0000240
Hm.
c0000241
Don't you think
that's something
c0000242
you could've mentioned
to me a bit earlier?
c0000243
I don't have anything
to give him
c0000244
as a birthday present.
c0000245
Just buy something for him
while you're in town.
c0000246
But I don't know what kind
of gift he would even want.
c0000247
[snickers]
c0000248
I wonder who's to blame
for that.
c0000249
[FERN]
You are, Mistress Frieren.
c0000250
[sighs] Based on the way
you're acting,
c0000251
I assume you have
a present for him?
c0000252
[grunts]
c0000253
He's going to love this.
c0000254
[clattering]
c0000255
A potion that
dissolves clothing.
c0000256
According to my master,
c0000257
this is the type of gift
men enjoy receiving.
c0000258
Stark will be overjoyed.
[chuckles]
c0000259
[gasps]
c0000260
Um, I...
c0000261
What? Curious to know
how it works?
c0000262
Oh, oh!
c0000263
I remember
when you purchased this,
c0000264
because I told you to return
c0000265
the vulgar concoction
immediately.
c0000266
♪
c0000267
I can't believe
how crass you are.
c0000268
[door slams]
c0000269
What a waste.
This was expensive.
c0000270
Gah. What am I gonna
give him now?
c0000271
Oh.
c0000272
c0000273
I forgot about this.
c0000274
[FERN]
I'll try to figure out
c0000275
what he'd be
interested in myself.
c0000276
With any luck, he won't notice.
c0000277
[knocking on door]
c0000278
[FERN]
Mister Stark?
c0000279
[door creaking]
c0000280
Hm.
c0000281
He must have gone out already.
c0000282
♪
c0000283
A warrior with an axe
on his back?
c0000284
Yes. That young man helped me
push my cart up here.
c0000285
I think he said he was headed
towards the plaza next.
c0000286
We were hanging out with him,
but he left a little while ago.
c0000287
It was so brave the way
he raced up that tree
c0000288
and helped us climb back down.
c0000289
That boy stopped
my rampaging cow.
c0000290
[cow moos]
c0000291
[FERN] He's helped
so many people in town.
c0000292
How could Mistress Frieren
be so vile?
c0000293
There's no way
he would appreciate
c0000294
that disgusting potion.
c0000295
Right?
c0000296
Huh.
c0000297
-There you are!
-Ah!
c0000298
That cloud looks like
a lady with huge boobs.
c0000299
[FERN]
So he is a pervert.
c0000300
[gasps]
Dang.
c0000301
That one's a big pile a' poop!
c0000302
[FERN] No, he's just
incredibly immature.
c0000303
[STARK] I'll have to tell Fern
about these later.
c0000304
[FERN] How does he
expect me to respond?
c0000305
[sighs]
c0000306
-[FERN] Mister Stark.
-[gasps]
c0000307
Hey, Fern!
You've got perfect timing.
c0000308
Take a look at those.
c0000309
On second thought, never mind.
c0000310
Um, anyway.
c0000311
[FERN] Would you like
to go for a walk?
c0000312
[STARK]
Sure.
c0000313
So, seems like
you're kind of upset.
c0000314
What did I do wrong?
c0000315
[FERN]
How to broach the subject?
c0000316
Please tell me
what to apologize for.
c0000317
[FERN] No matter how sly I am,
he'll know something's up.
c0000318
I should just be forward.
c0000319
Mister Stark,
c0000320
is there anything you'd like me
to purchase for you?
c0000321
Wait, what?
c0000322
Today's your birthday,
is it not?
c0000323
Yeah, I guess it is.
c0000324
But what's that got to do
with you buying me stuff?
c0000325
Don't play dumb.
I want to get you a present.
c0000326
What? Why would you do that?
c0000327
Just forget about it.
c0000328
You're insufferable.
c0000329
Wait.
c0000330
Come back. I wasn't
joking with you, I swear.
c0000331
It's just, no one's given me
a birthday present before,
c0000332
so it sounded weird.
c0000333
That's right, not a single gift
from my master
c0000334
or my family back
when they were still alive.
c0000335
I didn't know that was
something that people did.
c0000336
Not even one from your parents?
c0000337
So it wasn't a custom
where you come from.
c0000338
No.
c0000339
They probably just
didn't care enough
c0000340
to bother getting me one.
c0000341
My village valued warriors,
c0000342
which meant that they
looked down upon the weak.
c0000343
[STARK'S DAD]
You put on a pathetic display.
c0000344
Can't you be more like Stoltz?
c0000345
Not only is he unharmed,
c0000346
he doesn't have speck of dirt
or a drop of blood on him.
c0000347
That clean white cape
is undeniable proof
c0000348
that he's the strongest warrior
among you fools.
c0000349
You are the pride
of our village, Stoltz.
c0000350
[STOLZ]
I do my best, father.
c0000351
Then, of course,
there's your brother.
c0000352
Our family's great shame.
c0000353
Despite the intense training
he does every day,
c0000354
he's too much of a weakling
to stand against a monster.
c0000355
A storm approaches.
Let's go home.
c0000356
I'll stay and spar
with my brother.
c0000357
[STARK'S DAD] Fine,
but he's a waste of your time.
c0000358
Do try not to injure him
too badly.
c0000359
[shuddered breathing]
c0000360
-[STOLTZ] Stark.
-[grunts]
c0000361
-[splatters]
-Hm.
c0000362
[whimpering]
Brother.
c0000363
♪
c0000364
[gasps]
Sorry.
c0000365
You have impressive focus.
c0000366
One day, you'll be stronger.
c0000367
Here, let me show you
how to fix your stance.
c0000368
Well, actually,
c0000369
my brother was different
from the rest of them.
c0000370
But...
c0000371
[fire crackling]
c0000372
[sobbing]
c0000373
[STARK] When demons attacked
my village, I abandoned him.
c0000374
Fled while he stayed
and fought.
c0000375
Maybe I shouldn't be surprised
c0000376
my family never celebrated
my birthday.
c0000377
I was the failure. A coward.
c0000378
I'm sure Himmel wouldn't
have run away that night.
c0000379
♪
c0000380
Mister Stark.
c0000381
Let's go pick out
something nice for you.
c0000382
[chuckles]
c0000383
The past is irrelevant now.
c0000384
And the Stark I know
is a true warrior.
c0000385
He's never run away
from a fight.
c0000386
But I can't guarantee
that I won't one day.
c0000387
There's no way we'd let you.
c0000388
That's easy to say.
c0000389
If you won't pick
what you want,
c0000390
I'll choose something.
c0000391
[STARK]
Fine, fine.
c0000392
Hm.
c0000393
-This one is my favorite
-[FERN] Too expensive.
c0000394
-Try again.
-[STARK] Right.
c0000395
[sizzling]
c0000396
Welcome back.
You took your time.
c0000397
What's going on?
c0000398
Why did you make us
such ridiculously large
c0000399
hamburg steaks?
c0000400
How are they ridiculous?
c0000401
This is what you eat
on your birthday.
c0000402
Like I said, my master
wasn't one to give presents,
c0000403
but he always cooked me a big
hamburg steak on my birthday.
c0000404
You knew about this?
c0000405
Hey, Stark.
c0000406
Didn't Eisen
explain this to you?
c0000407
Explain what?
c0000408
Warriors are so bad
when it comes to sharing.
c0000409
I'd say that's fairly rich
coming from you.
c0000410
You do have a point.
c0000411
But I relate
because I'm the same way.
c0000412
We're foolish.
c0000413
People don't know
how you truly feel
c0000414
unless you tell them directly.
c0000415
You see...
c0000416
[sizzling]
c0000417
[FRIEREN]
Come to think of it,
c0000418
you always make
comically large hamburg steaks
c0000419
whenever it's one
of our birthdays,
c0000420
so there must be
a meaning behind it.
c0000421
[EISEN] It's a long-held custom
in my part of the world.
c0000422
These oversized servings
c0000423
are a way to honor warriors
who put in hard work.
c0000424
You can think of this
as a birthday present from me.
c0000425
Only one problem.
c0000426
You're the only
warrior here, Eisen.
c0000427
[EISEN] Every person
who works hard is a warrior.
c0000428
[FRIEREN]
Is that true?
c0000429
[HEITER]
Who can say?
c0000430
These are for warriors
who are putting in hard work.
c0000431
[STARK]
What are you making, brother?
c0000432
Hamburg steak.
c0000433
It's your birthday, right?
c0000434
This can be our little secret.
c0000435
♪
c0000436
[shuddered breathing]
c0000437
[STOLTZ]
Go. Run, Stark.
c0000438
You have to survive.
c0000439
[chuckles]
c0000440
[crying]
c0000441
♪
c0000442
Eisen wrote down the recipe
for me a while back.
c0000443
How does it taste?
c0000444
♪
c0000445
[swallows]
c0000446
It's good.
c0000447
♪
c0000448
Also, I was able
to salvage a little of this.
c0000449
I won't hesitate to pour that
on your head again.
c0000450
[STARK]
Huh? What is that?
c0000451
[FERN] Nothing.
Forget she mentioned anything.
c0000452
[FRIEREN]
It's a valuable potion.
c0000453
[STARK]
Ooh. What's it do?
c0000454
-[FERN] Pervert.
-[STARK] What? How so?
c0000455
[FERN]
Disgusting.
c0000456
[STARK]
Seriously, what did I say?
c0000457
-[HEITER] Himmel!
-My nose is starting to bleed.
c0000458
-[HIMMEL] So what, Frieren?
-[FRIEREN]It's too late for me.
c0000459
I put off making that decision
for far too long.
c0000460
[FRIEREN]
I suppose.
c0000461
It's an aversion
to my own kind.